---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: java != minecraft
date: 2022-01-20
labels:
  - Software engineering
---

The first time I witnessed any type of software engineering was when I was in elementry school third or fourth grade. We had a macbook laptop to use as a family for things like school work and entertainment. One day, apparently, the laptop was not funcitoning properly so my father had asked a friend of his who happend to work at macintosh to come take a look. We welcomed him to our home and he sat down at our livingroom couch and started operating on our beloved macbook. Whem I took a peak at the screen from behind his shoulders I saw a bunch of small letters and a black background that I had never seen before when doing my daily homework problems. I was very curious at what he was doing but at the same time, It also taught me how complicated computers are and that I probably should not be clicking on buttons that I have no idea what it does. 

In the past year, I have learned so much about software engineering and programming in such a fast pace. Few years ago the only time I would hear about Java is from playing minecraft and now I can proudly say that I have atleast a beginner level understanding of how Java programming works and it is a great deal to me. Every new programming language that gets introduced looks like a whole new world but once we start from the basics and build up from the prior knowledge from the previous experiences I was able to overcome some of that overwhelming feeling. 

To speak the truth, unlike most students who major computer science, I have no plans on becoming anything related to software engineering let alone computers. This was something had from the start of my college studies and there are times where I feel like I don't belong here but I am still here as of now. Ofcourse there is a reason why I chose computer science as a major instead something other that might be a little more relative to my future job. I believe that what I learn here would never end up as just a certification that tells my employers that I am somewhat good with computers, but something that would help me advance whichever way I decide to go. 

